[BUGFIX] Fix ``qml.lie_closure`` by using SVD based linear independence check (#6232)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* The ``qml.QSVT`` template now orders the ``projector`` wires first and the ``UA`` wires second, which is the expected order of the decomposition.
  [(#6212)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6212)

> * ``qml.lie_closure`` now uses a more stable SVD based linear independence check to avoid running into `LinAlgError: Singular matrix`. Also introduces normalization of basis vectors to avoid exploding coefficients.

Reviewer: Two somewhat nitpicky comments that might be useful down the road:
- Technically speaking, the change is made to `PauliVSpace`.
  While I agree that `lie_closure` is the functionality that most prominently uses this implementation object, it might be worth commenting that this change is in `PauliVSpace` and hence can also affect other things using it.
- The basis vectors `PauliVSpace.basis` are not being normalized, just the internal `_M` matrix is being normalized, right? Might be good to say "internally introduces a normalization" or something like this, to indicate that we do not actually return normalized objects to the user.

* The ``qml.FABLE`` template now returns the correct value when JIT is enabled.
  [(#6263)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6263)

> * ``qml.pauli.PauliVSpace`` now uses a more stable SVD based linear independence check to avoid running into `LinAlgError: Singular matrix`. This stabilizes the usage of ``qml.lie_closure``. Also introduces normalization of the internal representation ``_M`` of the basis vectors to avoid exploding coefficients.
>   [(#6232)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6232)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``qml.pauli.PauliVSpace`` now uses a more stable SVD-based linear independence check to avoid running into `LinAlgError: Singular matrix`. This stabilizes the usage of ``qml.lie_closure``. It also introduces normalization of the basis vector's internal representation ``_M``to avoid exploding coefficients.
  [(#6232)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6232)
```
